Clarify governance policy for Peers merging files in the browser subdirectory (#7215)
mdn/browser-compat-data: GOVERNANCE.md

- Are expected to work on public branches of their forks and submit pull requests to the master branch.
- Must submit pull requests for all their changes.
- May label and close issues.

> - May only merge other people's pull requests that relate to compat data updates. (Note: Peers may merge changes to the files in the `browsers` directory — because those are compat data updates, not schema updates).

Reviewer: suggestion: split this into two bullets, one about compat data and one about browser data

This also gives me an opportunity to make one fine distinction. Adding or removing browsers is _technically_ a schema change, but it seems to me that we might someday want to de-duplicate that.

```suggestion
- May merge other people's pull requests that relate to compat data updates.
- May merge other people's pull requests that relate to browser data updates (excluding the addition or removal of browsers).
```

| Open pull requests or issues                           |                  | •            | •     | •      |
| Review pull requests or comment on issues              |                  | •            | •     | •      |
| Label issues and PRs                                   |                  |              | •     | •      |

> | Merge compat data PRs (includes `browser` directory)   |                  |              | •     | •      |

Reviewer: suggestion: an extra row, for symmetry with the bullets above

```suggestion
| Merge compat data PRs                                  |                  |              | •     | •      |
| Merge browser data PRs                                  |                  |              | •     | •      |
```
